MULTIPLE CHOICE QUESTIONS

What will the following JavaScript code output?
for (var i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
  setTimeout(function() { alert(i); }, 1000 + i);
}

Number 0 alerted 3 times CORRECT
Number 3 alerted three times
Numbers 1, 2, 3 alerted
undefined


What will the following JavaScript code output?
(function() {
  var a = b = 5;
})();

console.log(b);

undefined
5 CORRECT
null
ReferenceError: b is not defined


The basic common operations on a Stack are:

Push, Remove
Insert, Search
Push, Pop, Swap
Push, Pop, Peek CORRECT


What are the common data structures used for BFS and DFS in graph?

Trie/Array
Queue/Stack
Queue/Linked list CORRECT
Stack/Trees


Which of the following traversal sequences can be used to construct a binary tree?
Inorder & Level-order CORRECT
Preorder & Level-order
Postorder & Preorder
Postorder & Level-order


The first step of Heap sort is to:

Convert the heap to a tree
Compress the heap
Remove the largest element from the heap
Build a max/min heap CORRECT


Dijkstra's shortest path algorithm is not able to account for what graph properties?
Graphs that are bipartite.
0 weighted nodes
A graph with more than 256 nodes
Negative edge weights CORRECT


A degenerate binary tree will have the performance of what other data structure?
A bipartite graph
A hash table
An array with holes
A linked list CORRECT



OPEN-ENDED QUESTIONS

What is the difference between git merge and git rebase?
git rebase moves a feature branch into a master, whereas git merge adds a new commit, preserving the history.

How do you find a list of files that have been changed in a particular commit?
To find out which files have been changed in a given commit, use the `git log --raw` command.

What is the process to revert a commit that has already has been pushed and made public?
Commands you need to put to revert a commit that has been pushed are 
1) git reset --hard HEAD~1 
2) git push -f

What is Denormalization in databases?
The process of adding precomputed redundant data to an otherwise normalized relational database to improve the read performance of the database is called denormalization of the database

What are some of the different types of indexes in SQL?
 Clustered and Non-Clustered Index

What is the difference between the DELETE and TRUNCATE commands in SQL?
In the TRUNCATE command, the transaction log for each deleted data page is recorded unlike the DELETE command, we cannot roll back the data after using the TRUNCATE command.

What is a constraint in SQL?
Constraints in SQL servers are predefined rules and restrictions that are enforced in a single column or multiple columns regarding the values allowed in the columns to maintain the accuracy and reliability of the data.

What is the difference between a Clustered and Non-Clustered Index?
A clustered index defines the order in which data is physically stored in a table, whereas non clustered index is an index structure separate from the data stored in a table that reorders one or more selected columns.

What does the following SQL query do?
SELECT RIGHT(Studentname, 5) as Studentname from student
Extract 5 characters from Studentname from the right.
